it began as a holiday or eager to escape
a bright future on the Great Plains
Arthur howitzer jr. transformed the
series of travelogue columns into the
French dispatch a factual weekly report
on the subjects of world politics the
arts high and low and diverse stories of
human interest you don't think it's
almost too seedy this time no I don't
decent people supposed to be charming he
assembled a team of the best Patriot
journalists of his time Berenson Sazerac
kremens Roebuck write these for his
people just try to make it sound like
you wrote it that way on purpose we take
as the subject of tonight's lecture mr.
Moses Rosenthal certainly loudest
autistic voice of his rowdy generation
simone naked cellblock J hobby room I
want to buy it
is done for sale yes it is oh yeah
yesterday Norris asked for this yes in
short the picture was a sensation
the kids did this
obliterated a thousand years of
Republican Authority in less than a
fortnight what do they want freedom full
stop I'm naked mrs. Crimmins I can see
them lieutenant miss caffee is the great
exemplar of the mold of cuisine known as
police cooking the aromas of the kitchen
cast a smell which was to be mortally
broken as you know by now we have
kidnapped your son
[Music]
a message from the foreman one hour to
press you're fired
don't cry in my office
[Applause]
[Music]
you tell me you tell yourself so that I
might know they not to tell yet you have
none to tell yet
I pheromone meant for great nation
fear
[Music]
do not waste this
Adrian he was a sociopath he said that I
could never leave him he controlled how
I looked and what I wore then I was
controlling when I left the house and
eventually what I thought I'm sorry I
can't take you with me
be okay
what happened to him he dreams dead
listen you're getting your freedom back
okay he said that wherever I went he
would find me walk right up to me and I
wouldn't be able to see him Adrian is
dead
he's not dead he has figured out a way
to be invisible
[Music]
buta he's sitting in that chair
where are you show yourself surprise
let me help you you can't help me
Hurricane Katrina may extend from
Southeast Louisiana all the way into
Kentucky and gossiped tough you black
from the lower 9th know you've locked
down I don't know how you do it thing is
love man
we got a wife and a son now you won't
have to deal with this type of
assistance the 9th Ward isn't covered
first day FLOTUS then they pushing
himself this happened just how they won
why don't we talk to your cousin that
dude again saying he make me nervous
what the hell are we we ain't no
gangsters he's following the option this
morning dawn first I
we ain't the different benefit money
a perfectly good hacks paying casino was
hit drink out my money
we got to walk the plane we gotta figure
something out fast
you got trouble boy
you recognize what you what would yes
is going on
this will do some we got problem
[Music]
I think they in trouble is a war going
on you don't know about
everything got down by the Lord night
was mine now before I show us
[Music]
Katrina has always been wettest set a
bunch of different names
[Music]
oh my goodness like it ah
Oh must be the main eyes don't you
beware his story one enough bronze was
never just a dog to live again he needs
a friend his den the rules were American
if you break them it's best to pray for
bronze once more than just play it's got
a secret that only he knows something is
happening to him the way my rage love
you
dude brahms the boy - in theaters for
virtually first where to be g13 imagine
fighting this war as a civilian imagine
not knowing how to shoot a gun
challenging the Nazis to save lives I
have just heard an incredible story that
makes your sacrifices completely worth
it 123 children their parents were just
killed by nazis we need to train them to
survive what good does it do to teach
them fear I think it's important to help
the children laugh in the middle of this
war
there's a group in Lyon arming
themselves to fight back we need to find
guns we need to learn how to shoot do
you really think I could help anyone
with the gun of course not but your
passports are impressive look at this
Marcel Marceau it's a great name welcome
to the resistance why are we sting a war
we can't win we can kill all the Nazis
can kill some or you can save some lives
we want to take them out to France see
if we can get across the border tell me
where they are
in every generation they rise up against
us
sometimes powerful men sometimes an arm
tries to destroy the Jewish people
but here we are together you are not
alone
[Music]
what's the best way to resist it's not
to kill them
it's to survive
[Music]
what is happening what is all of this
she see that article every year these
liberal elites kidnap a bunch of normal
folks like us and haunt us for sport
the last I heard free speech still
exists don't first-amendment me it
wasn't real we were joking
there's been a killing spree you got to
come here right now
you actually believed we were hunting
human beings for sports but you are
we have an opportunity here to teach
these people
these are not real people they're actors
I'm playing an Arab refugee but I
identify as quite i think that's
problematic too in some way you wanted
it to be real so you decided it was
what kind of sick people would even
think of something like that white
people written worst
[Music]
whether I turn out to be the hero of my
own story whether that station will be
held by anybody else these moments must
show my boyhood days seem now like a
scarcely believable fiction is full of
wonders this is our state to go wherever
we choose well I'm not down there
creditors make that road impossible to
tailors and most unreasonable muffin
Metal Mulisha
very very ill Faria I real dangerously
she's dead we're very sorry I'm David
Copperfield I'm your nephew you're the
only family I have what do we do with
him I'm you I'm washing donkey Freezone
remarkable woman what kind you add
nothing then you aren't something and
now you got nothing again
so stands to right you left something
again
he was very is there something wrong
with me no I apologize for my rudeness
think nothing of it sir he speaks very
well it was actually me I Roman do some
work I want a straight jacket a husband
feels like a party haha
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction
which is in fact written memory
we have quite the ride on the way
[Music]
you
you okay
can I ask you a question okay what what
kind of endings do you prefer depends on
the story what happens in yours
my story a man sets off on a long voyage
and all that comes one obstacle after
another
and on the last page he has to decide to
continue his life in exile or to come
back home free one was once his home
you want to tell me something we all
have regrets
everything is open
why does everyone continue to refer to
dad as if he's not here is he
I just don't know what you're saying I'm
gonna have to fake some heart races
you keep reminding me of someone that I
once knew
dad wake up
well never far away
[Music]
micki
I have asked you numerous times what it
is you do for a living that's causing so
much of this anxiety
I told you that I did something before I
worked in the protection department
to collections I know you man
the best specialist I have what's going
on last one was a tough one until you
know they're gonna come after
we said this job was easy nobody in this
business wants to work but somebody's
gonna do it
she could have died we don't could have
died that's the you know look I can't
live with myself if someone dies on my
watch
Tommy what it used to be Mickey at very
least you have an anger problem
[Music]
hello yes I just got here I'm fine mom
mom I'll call you back
[Music]
hello what were you looking for
what am I looking at never please
[Music]
this is wot wado and Cayuga New Mexico
and this is the news for the app blots
tell spikes oh oh are you like some big
science girl tell me about sides
[Music]
there were it's Faye I'm a sound came to
the board interrupted your radio show
[Applause]
[Music]
what's going on effort
7:18 here wo TW got a sound we'd like to
play that seems to be bouncing around
the valley they've come here before they
have liked this place they always have
what's he doing here it's helping me
stop smiling
[Music]
something talking
what's going on there's something in the
sky
[Music]